NOMENCLATURE

' ‘d h common names agreed by the International
Comm?“ Pam: anisitsticllgiiiillisiaii/cI>(r)iSttli)rEoSit11gClli itss "I:/celinical Committee 81 (ISO/ TC 81) for Which
Organlsattlori tois tlai: British Standards Institution (BSI). The principles for coining these
:1O:nI::Ohena8rI1§€S are explained in ISO 257: 1988 and in BS1831: Part 1: 1985.

If th molecule is for example an acid it may be used in a salt or ester form. Usually the
mriion name is ,assigned to the parent acid‘ from this name, the salt or ester name can be

co ’ .

derived in a straightforward manner by adding the name of the ester or ion (e.g. haloxyfop-

methyl) Short form names are used for some ions and ester groups. These areindicated in the

Abbreviations and Codes Section.

Names do not receive full ISO approval early in their life. The last supplement to the list of ISO
approved names appeared in 1983. Names achieve draft ISO status rather more rapidly. A
recognised status earlier in the approval process has recently been accepted, that of Provisionally

Approved ISO name; this is indicated as ‘pa ISO’.

In practice, there are usually two ISO approved names; one in English (designated E—ISO) and
one in French (designated F-ISO, with gender indicated as (m) or (f)). Note that the French ISO
name is that used in French-speaking countries, with the signiﬁcant exception of France. Names
approved by the French standards organisation, AFNOR, are not necessarily the same as F-ISO

OIICS.

Chemical names The systematic chemical names respectively according to the rules of the
International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), and of the 9th Collective Index

period of the Chemical Abstracts Service (C.A.).

The systems of nomenclature for molecules which can form stereochemically differing isomers
can be complex. However, to appreciate the isomeric composition of such materials where
described in the entries, an understanding of these systems is essential. For details, see the
separate Section ‘Stereochemistry Nomenclature’.

Scientiﬁc name For biological agents, the Latin name of the organism. Synonyms may be
included under Other names.

CAS IIN The Chemical Abstracts registry number. A useful unique reference number. Under the
Chemical Abstracts system, differing isomers, including stereoisomers are assigned different
registry numbers. For example, the (R) and (S) optical isomers, as well as the (RS) racemic
mixture, and material of undeﬁned stereochemistry will, if they have been described in the

chgmical literature, all have different numbers. Further details are given in the introduction to
in ex .

Ikvelopment code Code number usually assigned. before the ‘material was given a common name.

n some cases, the name of the company is given. This 1S the name of the company which
actually developed the material, not necessarily the same as the name of the company which now
inarketsit. For this reason, some of these names are of companies which are no longer involved
In pesticides, and they may not appear in the Directory of companies.

xiii

