NOMENCLATURE

d M t t’ ’des have common names agreed by the International
(C)omm‘matiI<:info:nSltziti?1:(:disatiofis tlfreosulgzlli its Technical Committee 81 (ISO/ TC 81) for which
rganis

h secretariat is the British Standards Institution (BS1). The principles for coining these
izoinmon names are explained in ISO 257: 1988 and in BS1831: Part 1: 1985.

e an acid, it may be used in a salt or ester form. Usually the
ent acid; from this name, the salt or ester name can be

by adding the name of the ester or ion (e.g. haloxyfop-
e ions and ester groups. These are indicated in the

If the molecule is, for exampl
common name is assigned to the par
derived in a straightforward manner

methyl). Short form names are used for som

Abbreviations and Codes Section.

Names do not receive full ISO approval early in their life. The last supplement to the list of ISO
approved names appeared in 1983. Names achieve draft ISO status rather more rapidly. A
recognised status earlier in the approval process has recently been accepted, that of Provisionally

Approved ISO name; this is indicated as ‘pa ISO’.

In practice, there are usually two ISO approved names; one in English (designated E-ISO) and
one in French (designated F-ISO, with gender indicated as (m) or (f)). Note that the French ISO
name is that used in French-speaking countries, with the signiﬁcant exception of France. Names
approved by the French standards organisation, AFNOR, are not necessarily the same as F-ISO

OIICS.

Chemical names The systematic chemical names respectively according to the rules of the
International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), and of the 9th Collective Index

period of the Chemical Abstracts Service (C.A.).

The systems of nomenclature for molecules which can form stereochemically differing isomers
can be complex. However, to appreciate the isomeric composition of such materials where
described in the entries, an understanding of these systems is essential. For details, see the
separate Section ‘Stereochemistry Nomenclature’.

Scientiﬁc name For biological agents, the Latin name of the organism. Synonyms may be
included under Other names.

CAS IIN The Chemical Abstracts registry number. A useful unique reference number. Under the
Chemical Abstracts system, differing isomers, including stereoisomers are assigned different
registry numbers. For example, the (R) and (S) optical isomers, as well as the (RS) racemic
mixture, and material of undeﬁned stereochemistry will, if they have been described in the

:Il'l(:m1(12al literature, all have different numbers. Further details are given in the introduction to
n ex .

R]€"S€::):(:n::1i:e<;odt¢2hSonc‘(llen rgurgifbei usually assigned. before the ‘material was given a common name.
actually develovped the material el ctompany  g11:’CI1. This IS the name of the company which
markets it F th_ , o necessari y t e same as the name of the company which now
. . _ . or is reason, some of these names are of companies which are no longer involved
"1 P€St1C1deS, and they may not appear in the Directory of companies.

xiii

