 

THE PUBLISHERS

This edition of The Pesticide Manual has been produced under a collaborative agreement

between the British Crop Protection Council and The Royal Society of Chemistry, signed in

1993.

The British Crop Protection Council (BCPC) is a self-supporting organisation with charitable
status. It was formed in 1968 by combination of two earlier bodies - the British Weed Control

Council and the British Insecticide and Fungicide Council. It is entirely independent, with the
remit of promoting knowledge and understanding of crop protection for the beneﬁt of all.

The Council is constituted by representatives from 20 corporate members ranging through
Govemment Departments and Research Councils, trade and farming associations and scientiﬁc

societies, plus some individual members of long and diverse experience.

More details regarding the Council can be obtained from the General Secretary, British Crop
Protection Council, 49 Downing Street, Famham, Surrey GU9 7PH. Tel: + 44 (0) 1252 733072.

Fax: + 44(0) 1252 727194.

The Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) is a leamed society with a worldwide membership of
43,000. The beginnings of RSC lie in 1841 with the founding of the Chemical Society of London.
Professor Thomas Graham was its ﬁrst President. In more recent times the Society came
together with other leamed bodies - The Royal Institute of Chemistry, the Society for Analytical
Chemistry and the Faraday Society - to form by merger The Royal Society of Chemistry, which
was granted a Royal Charter in 1980.

The objectives of the Society are the advancement of the science of chemistry and its applications,
and the maintenance of high standards of competence and integrity among practising chemists.

More details regarding the Society and application forms for membership can be obtained from
the RSC Membership Affairs Department, Thomas Graham House, Science Park, Milton Road,
Cambridge CB4 4WF. Tel: +44 (0) 1223 420066. Fax: +44 (0) 1223 423429. E-mail: (internet)
RSCI@ RSC.ORG.

Editorial Advisory Board

A number of meetings of an informal Editorial Advisory Board took place before and after the
merger of interests by RSC and BCPC. They considered strategy, content and format for this
edition of The Pesticide Manual. Thanks are due to the following for their willing and helpful
participation: Dr D V Alford, Dr R Allen, Mr P Beaumont, Mr A Bond, Dr K J Brent, Dr J
Buckingham, Dr D Cartwright, Dr L G Copping, Dr D S H Drennan, Dr B T Grayson, Dr A
Hart, Dr K Holly, Dr G W Ivens, Mr H Kidd, Mrs A Kirkwood, Mr D J de B Lyon, Dr A D
Martin, Miss F M McKim, Mr O J Merrington, Dr J Mumford, Dr J A Pickett, Mr M J Rosier,
Dr D Rudd-Jones, Mr J M Smith, Dr B K Snell, Mr D Tyson, Mr M Upstone, Mr A Wood, Dr
K Woodward, Dr C R Worthing.

vii

