 

FOREWORD

For over twenty-ﬁve years ‘The Pesticide Manual’ has served as a standard reference work on
the active ingredients in products for the control of crop pests and diseases, weeds, animal
ectoparasites and pests in public health. During that time it has gradually expanded its coverage
to include plant growth regulators, repellents, synergists, herbicide safeners, some timber
preservatives, and latterly beneﬁcial microbial and invertebrate agents. It has earned an enviable
reputation for impartial, factual accuracy on the properties and uses of the thousands of
compounds that have been developed and marketed over the years as pesticides or enhancers of

their effectiveness.

Although the agrochemical industry has made an enormous contribution to world food produc-
tion and human welfare, its products and their effects on the environment, whether real or
imagined, now often receive criticism from public and private bodies and pressure groups. There
is thus even more need for an up-to-date authoritative and deﬁnitive source of information on
all available pesticides, including their environmental impact. This new edition brings together
the British Crop Protection Council and The Royal Society of Chemistry as joint publishers and
it incorporates the latter’s previous ‘Agrochemicals Handbook’. The resultant reference volume
now includes additional degradation and environmental data, revised toxicity ﬁgures to comply
with EC and EPA regulatory requirements, and an improved layout of chemical properties, to
make it an intemationally unique compendium on pesticides. As such, it will be indispensable to
all manufacturers, organisations, researchers, legislators, regulators, even journalists and private
individuals with a professional interest in food and water quality and purity, in land use for
forestry, farming, horticulture and recreation, and in conservation of terrestrial and aquatic
ﬂora and fauna.

The Editor and his colleagues at the British Crop Protection Council and The Royal Society of
Chemistry are to be congratulated on compiling this scholarly work. I am happy to recommend
it most strongly, and trust that its widespread use will remove many of the popular misconcep-
tions associated with the use of agrochemicals.

Trevor Lewis

Lawes Trust Senior Fellow, Rothamsted
Formerly Director

Institute of Arable Crops Research, UK

