   

72 Drug l

part in 1979 with an FDA regulation,* which now stipulates five “pregnancy categ
Through this measure, all prescription drugs absorbed systemically or known to ha

harm to the fetus will be so indicated to the pregnant consumer. The categories 2
described by Millstein (1980):

Category A Controlled studies in women fail to demonstrate a risk to the fetus in
(and there is no evidence of a risk in later trimesters), and the possibility of ft
remote.

Category B Either animal reproduction studies have not demonstrated a fetal risl<
controlled studies in pregnant women, or animal reproduction studies have 3
effect (other than a decrease in fertility) that was not confirmed in controlled
in the first trimester (and there is no evidence of a risk in later trimesters).

Category C Either studies in animals have revealed adverse effects on the feti
embryocidal effects or other) and there are no controlled studies in women, or
and animals are not available. Drugs should be given only if the potential be
potential risk to the fetus.

Category D There is positive evidence of human fetal risk, but the benefits fror
women may be acceptable, despite the risk (e.g., if the drug is needed in
situation or for a serious disease for which safer drugs cannot be used or are in
will be an appropriate statement in the “warnings” section of the labeling.

Category X Studies in animals or human beings have demonstrated fetal abnorn
evidence of fetal risk based on human experience, or both, and the risk of th
in pregnant women clearly outweighs any possible benefit. The drug is c
women who are or may become pregnant. There will be an appropriate stater
traindications” section of the labeling.

It was hoped that such a practice would go a long way toward making know
consumer, at least for therapeutic agents. Regrettably, this may not be true. Verj
been classed as category A, even when with many, multiple years of use of the dr
sands of patients have shown no potential for harm. Furthermore, there is some e\
nancy categories assigned specific drugs may not correctly indicate the degr
comparison was recently made on 83 of the most widely prescribed drugs in the U.
reference to pregnancy category assigned by FDA and the degree of hazard assigi
panel of experts (Friedman et al., 1990). There was no more agreement between
expected by chance alone. Given this discrepancy of results, the authors recomn
nancy categories not be used to provide counseling concerning risk of teratogenic
who have taken medication during pregnancy. Nonetheless, pregnancy category <
been given for the drugs discussed in this work, as a point of reference, in each Cha
a given drug in perspective to others in the group and to other therapeutic group.

Brent (1982) has added further that package inserts are confusing, they aid ne
that are without merit, and lead to unnecessary abortions. He proposed several ch
labeling to include a rational protocol for estimating teratogenic potential, and a st
ing the risk of inadvertent exposure or use as therapy in pregnant women. It re
whether more rational labeling will result, but as yet, it has not.

Counseling services also provide meaningful information on the hazard that
cation presents to the concerned patient. Three well-known services are TERIS
mation system), REPROTOX, and TERAS (Teratogen Exposure Registry and Su:
computerized operations that provide accurate, up-to-date information on drug haz
18 states and 2 Canadian provinces currently have teratogen information services 1

An. 1 L4. I...I.,._- L-.

