APPLICATIONS
Mode of action Insecticide and acaricide which kills larvae, nymphs and adults by contact

and/ or stomach action; also shows some ovicidal action. See J. Drabek et al. (Recent xldv.
Chem. Insect Control 11, 1990, p. 170). Converted by light, or in viva to the corresponding
carbodiirnide, which is an inhibitor of mitochondrial respiration. Uses Insecticide and
acaricide effective against phytophagous mites (Tetranychidae, Tarsonemidae),
Aleyrodidae, Aphididae and Jassidae on cotton, various ﬁeld and fruit crops, ornamentals

and vegetables. Also controls some leaf-feeding pests in cole crops (Plutella xylostella),
soyabeans (Anticarsia gemmatalis) and cotton (Alabama argillacea). Is safe on adults of all

beneﬁcial groups (Anthorcoridae, Coccinellidae, Miridae) and on adults and immature
stages of predatory mites (Amblyseius andersoni, Typhlodromus pyri), spiders (Erigoridae,
Lycosidae), Chrysopa camea. Non-selective to immature stages of Heteroptera
(Anthocoridae, Miridae). Compatible with the biological control of Aleyrodidae and
mites in glasshouses.. Formulation type SC; WP.

Principal tradename ‘Pegasus’ (Ciba-Geigy), ‘Polo’ (Ciba-Geigy).

A NA LY S I S
Product analysis by glc. Residues determined by glc. Details available from Ciba-Geigy

AG.

MAM MALIAN TOXICOLOGY
Acute oral LD,o for rats 2068 mg/ kg. Skin and eye Acute percutaneous LDSO for rats

> 2000 mg/kg. Non-irritant to eyes and skin (rats). Inhalation LC” (4 h) for rats
0.558 mg/l air. NOEL (90 d) rats 4, dogs 1.5 mg/kg daily.

ECOTOXICOLOGY

Birds Acute oral LD,o for bobwhite quail and mallard ducks > 1500 mg/ kg. Eight-day
dietary LC” for bobwhite quail and mallard ducks > I500 mg/kg. No acute hazard under
ﬁeld conditions. Fish LC” (96 h) for carp 0.0038, rainbow trout 0.0007, bluegill

sunﬁsh 0.0013 mg/l. Bees Toxic to honeybees; LD5o (48 h) (oral) 2.1 pg/ bee; (contact)

1.5 iigl bee. No signiﬁcant hazard under ﬁeld conditions. Daphnia EC“, (48 h)
< 0.5 mg/ l.

ENVIRONMENTAL FATE

Animals Study of the adsorption, distribution and excretion in rats demonstrated that the
major portion of the dose was excreted with the faeces. The compound is degraded to
yield its corresponding carbodiimide, which in turn reacts with nucleophiles like water
and fatty acids to fonn urea and fattyacid derivatives. Plants In plants, diafenthiuron
shows a complex metabolismpattem in all crops investigated, i. e. cotton, tomatoes and
apples. Uptake of residue activity by plants from soil is low.

Soil ‘and water Diafenthiuron and its main metabolites show a strong sorptivity to soil
particles. Degradation in soils proceeds rapidly: DT,0 < l h to 1.4 d.

diafenthiuron 295

