GENERAL POINTS

Active ingredient. Except where otherwise indicated, all data refers to the active ingredient.

Units. To avoid repetition units are fre '
. quently omitted wh ~ - .
relevant units are placed at the end of the sentence or phrase elgiira e:1(iili1]:e>li:e of data ls gwen‘ the

‘Acute oral LD50 for rats 250, rabbits 400, mice 300 mg/ kg.’

Company Names. Company names are often given in a shortened form. The full name of the
company, and an address, is given in the Company Directory.

HEADERS

Entry header The preferred name for the active ingredient. For biological agents, the scientiﬁc
name is used.

For chemicals, the ISO common name is used, where one exists. Failing that, the order of

preference is:- a national approved common name (e.g. BSI, JMAF etc), WSSA, BAN or ESA
name, ofﬁcial code number, development code number, IUPAC chemical name.

The approved name, given in the header, (and usually the chemical structure) may refer to a
parent molecule. In the case of acids and some other molecules, the material which is used in
practice may be a salt or an ester derivative of the parent, which will have different properties.
Data is often given for both.

Class Also given in the heading, are the ﬁeld of use (herbicide, insecticide etc), and the class of
material.

Choice of the word used for a class name is somewhat arbitrary. Whilst many of the names used
here have common currency, others are only one of several altematives used by different groups
of workers. The primary role of class names is to group chemicals according to their known, or
assumed, biochemical mode of action, and by common chemical features; such grouping is

however neither immutable nor infallible.

Often the type of chemical is also indicated by a stem in the common name (for example, uron
for ureas, and ‘carb’ for carbamates).

_ - - ' ' '1 f ntation,
Chemical structures Structures have been drawn giving ﬁrst pnonty to clan y f) PISS‘? k e
the illustrator using artistic licence over the orientation and length of bonds etc. in or er tp e 1;

. - ' t the same c ass 0
the structures within a reasonable area. In general molecules belonging 0

pesticide have been oriented on the page in a similar manner-

f b] the structures have been drawn so as to show the three-dimensional aspect,
Alsl artlis P0151 en so that the reader can see that some 8T°“P5 are in ‘he plane of the paper’
w en is 1S now , _ . - no

. - xture of several stereoisomers.
with others above or below it. When compounds Contalﬂ 3 ml

absolute configuration is shown for their structures.

xii

