 

PREFACE

It is with some trepidation that anyone would t 1 ' . .
Manual which Charles Worthing developed ovei:orrrizilrirylpyilaiiirsmlilgi/lfrt(lilel‘e;§CSo:,0 lb: li:.s"c;.d°
- , por um ies or

change arose‘ this Edition includes several new features whilst ' '
. . ’ . r ta , -
qualities of previous Editions. e mmg I hope’ the essential

Incorporation of The Agrochemicals Handbook has res lt d ' ‘ ‘
data, much of which has been further updated by fCSp0nlS1CSeff(:tIlI1aI:‘laeI‘)l(lE)lf:2ll.I;:l.l)fIC1f(S)fﬁglgrlfggltilf nltli

Main entries have a new Environmental Fate Section and contain more ecotoxicolo "cal
. . ’
information. gl

For the first time, the Pesticide Manual includes a review of the incidence of pesticide resistance

based on contributions by three of the Action Committees. Coverage of biological control
agents has been greatly expanded.

There are several other changes to the Main entries. Toxicology reviews are cited, pointing
readers to sources of further information which it would not be practical to include here. Much

toxicological and physico-chemical data has been revised with new data supplied by
manufacturers.

Data on salts and esters has been separated where appropriate from that for the parent
substance. Materials have been reassigned to new classes, and a mode of action heading has
been introduced. Fewer tradenames are included, in anticipation of the reissue in 1995 of the
Pesticide Index as a companion volume; however those listed are linked to the relevant
company.

An extended guide to use of the Main entries has been written, and the Directory of Companies
has been enlarged. All the chemical classiﬁcations have been revised, and there is now a
corresponding index to them. The index of names has been split into one of chemical names, and
another which includes trade, common and other names.

This Edition would not have been possible without the help of many other people. Firstly, the
Editor would like to thank his predecessor, Charles Worthing, who was not content with a
thorough brieﬁng when handing over the reins, but continued to be available with advice when
needed throughout the two year preparation of this book. I would also like to thank Denise
Ledgerwood for her excellent and painstaking work as editorial assistant,.David Stout and
Abdul Khundkar for computing support, Keith Holly and Frances McKim for continuing
advice and support, Alan Skull for producing the book, Sally Hawes and her colleagues for

exceptional clerical help, and Giles Ivens for help with the glossary.

Thanks are also due to the Editorial Advisory Board for their many comments (zl1r::eslV1vgogrt‘:ltl:>v!}11S(;
Finally, I would especially like to thank the many people in cornpaniesf talroitnook
took so much trouble to provide the data which makes up the majority 0 IS -

. . - ' ' ‘ t t’ or abbreviation
Despite all these invaluable helpers, any errors in transcngtion, 1I:lt]€dFI]3(1: :1 éoilnow of errors or
are of course my responsibility. I should be grateful if rea ers wo

omissions, which can be rectiﬁed in future editions.

Clive D. S. Tomlin, Editor

vi

