Official code These include numbers assigned by

. WH — .
of America (ENT and A13 series) and the Americ 0 (OMS genes)‘ the E"‘°"‘°‘°3‘°*'*‘ 5°<=i¢ly

an Society of Nematologists (AI4 series).

Other names Other names used for the active ' '
mgfedlellt, and not listed elsewhere in the ent
ry.

PHYSICOCHEMICAL PROPERTIES

Com sition T ‘ ‘ « a - - . .

 minim?:“::L%;?d:.::::‘::‘::::.:°:*:.’.':;::";:::.":::;:.P;a:::..:*:: is My
existing in different stereochemical forms (see Chemical structures and the se i1sract:paS:i:e'°f
‘Stereochemistry Nomenclature’), the material used may be a single stereochemical isome non
mixture of isomers. An attempt has been made to clarify what isomer or mixture of isoriie°r'a
used; this does not always correspond to the isomers present in the common name as deﬁned rs ls

Production The method by which a biological agent is manufactured.

V.p. Yapour pressure. Values quoted in altemative sources can differ by several orders of
magnitude; factors affecting determined vapour pressure values include temperature, purity and
method of determination. Where differing values were available, the lowest ﬁgure has been

chosen. In general, vapour pressures which were known to be those of technical material have
not been quoted. In those few cases where a value without a temperature was supplied, it is left
to the reader to decide whether or not to assume the determination was at room temperature.
Manufacturers were also asked to supply the method of determination; where given, this is
appended in parentheses. Note that the units used vary between entries.

COMMERCIALISATION

Patents Usually only one patent or patent application is cited; patent applications or patents to
the same invention in other countries will usually exist. Note that any protection afforded by
any of the patents listed may have expired. A patent will not necessarily protect the active
ingredient or its use as a pesticide; there may be a series of patent applications relating to the
active ingredient, its manufacture, formulation or its use.

Company names refer to the original applicant; title to patents (as distinct from rights to it) may
not be transferred when a product or company is bought by another company. For this reason,
some company names given here are of ones no longer in the pesticides business.

Country codes are WIPO standard; see the Abbreviations and Codes Section.

Manufacturer The intention is that this section should list only companies knownfto be
manufacturing the active ingredient. In some cases however, it may be that actual manu acture

is carried out by a third party acting under contract to the named company.

APPLICATIONS

Mode of action The observed symptoms and the physiology and biochemistry of the method by

which the substance is effective.

xiv

