er Latin or English. A Glossary of Latin and English names in
English. Where British and American usage differs

(corn) and aubergine (eggplant) have been selected.
n to quackgrass for Agropyron repens (=

Uses Targets are given in eith . _
included in this Manual. Crops are g1V€n 111

alfalfa (lucerne), peanuts (groundnuts), maize
Also reference is made to couch, rather tha

Elytrigia repens).
Doses are not normally given.

F mulation type For standard formulation types, the two—letter GIFAP codes are given. Some
dgsrcriptions are too vague to allow conversion to a speciﬁc GIFAP code, and have been left as

full text The meaning of the GIFAP codes can be found in the Abbreviations and Codes

Section.

Compatibility Compatibility of the formulation with other pesticides, fertilisers etc.

Principal tradename The lead tradename is given of the company (or its successor) inventing or
introducing the product. For commodities, this is followed, in alphabetical order, by the main

formulation name of other companies selling a product based on the a.i.

The name of the company marketing the formulation is given in parentheses after the tradename.
Companies selling under licence may not be listed if the tradename owner retains, and exercises,
marketing rights. Company names are always given in a shortened form. The full name of the

company, and an address, is given in a Directory of Companies.

The list of tradenames is not intended to be comprehensive. Usually, a maximum of one name is
given per company. Names normally omitted include: those which represent a composite of the
company name and the common name, names of mixtures (unless the a.i. is used only in
mixture), names used only in home and garden outlets, and names belonging to companies not
replying to enquiries about the a.i. Sufﬁxes are usually omitted.

The entry for ‘manufacturer’ will often indicate other companies which may sell products. No
attempt has been made to distinguish whether tradenames are registered.

A fuller list of tradenames is available in the Pesticide Index (3rd Edition for publication in early
1995).

Mixtures Other active ingredients which are mixed with the material.

ANALYSIS

Methods published in standard reference sources are given. Note however that many companies

prefer workers to refer to them for advice as to the method most appropriate for a particular
analytical problem.

MAMMALIAN TOXICOLOGY

W ' ' . .
n ltlerle data is given (under.the sameset of test parameters) for more than one SpCC1€S, units are
0 a ways repeated; the units appearing at the end of a sentence or phrase apply.

XV

